Mom
Zhi Han
Come with Mom
No, I want to stay with Dad.
Be good, Zhi Han
Will you come home with Mom?
No.
Zhi Han,
Stop being naughty.
Be good.
Zhang Wen Xu,
What did you say to Zhi Han?
Don't you find this disgusting?
What did I say?
Don't misunderstand me.
Come here, Zhi Han.
Come home with Mom.
If not, Mom will be very sad.
No,
You're a bad mom.
You don't want Dad anymore.
And you don't want Zhi Han to see Dad.
You're a bad mom.
That's not true.
Mom just wants to protect you.
So you and Dad got divorced, right?
Yes.
You're a bad mom.
I hate you.
Zhi Han.
See,
It's not me stopping Zhi Han from going.
Zhi Han just doesn't want to go.
Zhang Wen Xu,
What do you want to do?
Why are you so angry?
Jian Dao,
I'm helping you.
Do you know at kindergarten,
Zhi Han was bullied by other kids?
When I picked him up tonight,
He was being bullied by two other kids.
Do you know why?
Because you divorced me.
You made Zhi Han lose his dad.
Now everyone is calling him an illegitimate child.